Updated troubleshoot docs to add brew instructions (#3572)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/partials/support-bundles/_install-plugin.mdx

The support-bundle plugin (a kubectl plugin) is required to generate support bundles from the command line.

:::note
For Replicated Embedded Cluster and Replicated kURL installations, the support-bundle plugin is automatically installed on all of the control plane nodes. You can skip this prerequisite.
:::

#### Mac

For Mac users, Replicated recommends using Homebrew to install the support-bundle plugin:

```bash
brew install support-bundle
```

#### Windows / Linux

For Windows and Linux users, use Krew to install the support-bundle plugin:

* If krew is _not_ installed already, run the following command to install krew and the support-bundle plugin at the same time:

    ```bash
    curl https://krew.sh/support-bundle | bash
    ```

> * If krew is installed already, run the following command to install the plug-in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If krew is installed already, run the following command to install the plugin:
```
